(Respect copyright)
♪Memories hold you back from fulfilling your dreams♪
♪Only by moving forward can you find reunion♪
♪Endings only mark new routes♪
♪It's all part of the scenery♪
♪To the horizon's call♪
♪Your journey hasn't started♪
♪Towards mountains, chase the stars bright♪
♪Let time embrace you and wash away the past♪
♪Put every twist behind you♪
♪Drift leisurely through time♪
♪Make headway against the wind♪
♪Let mountains bow to your pace♪
♪Rush towards a life without regret♪
♪Let your nature burst free♪
=The First Jasmine=
=Episode 35=
Do you know where Xu Wanzhou is buried?
I heard she is buried in Zhengyi Temple outside the city.
Would Your Majesty like to visit?
Go prepare the wine vessels for the offering.
Yes.
No need for fanfare.
Just bring some people and come with me.
Yes.
Your Majesty, Her Majesty has gone to the temporary palace.
Gao Wenhuan,
Have an edict drafted
To exonerate and honor the late sages of Lishan Academy.
First,
All disciples of Lishan Academy,
(alive or dead,)
(whoever suffered injustice)
(shall be investigated at once by the judicial offices)
(to clear the names of the wronged.)
(If any wrongful accusers are found, they shall be severely punished.)
(Second, select talented individuals from Lishan Academy)
(and appoint them)
(without restraints.)
Third,
Lishan Academy's works,
Including classics, histories, and philosophical texts,
All go to the Hanlin Academy.
They shall collect the best texts, collate and print them,
And distribute them nationwide.
Water and livelihood works shall be studied by the Ministry of Works
And put into practice.
Also, confer upon Lishan Academy's
Headmaster Xu Qingyun the title of Marquis Wenzheng
And Master Zhu Yun the title of Earl Wensu.
Princess Ding, Ye Li, is of loyal and virtuous stock,
And she bears their legacy.
She is hereby titled County Mistress Wenzhao
With a prince's daughter's stipend.
Yes.
Your Majesty, the exoneration
And the compilation are both within reason.
But you first appointed Xu Qingyun as Marquis Wenzheng,
Zhu Yun as Earl Wensu,
And then Princess Ding as County Mistress
With the stipend of a prince's daughter.
Is this not somewhat excessive?
Back when Lishan Academy was not yet sealed off,
It housed many sages.
The great Confucius scholar Xu Qingyun
Laid our country's literary foundation with 'On the Spring and Autumn Annals.'
Li Chunxian, heir to the Mohist craft,
Rebuilt Tiangong Bridge in Luodu, benefiting all.
And Master Liu, who created the Qingshan script,
Fuyao the Hermit, who wrote Journey Among All Things,
Master Helai, the medical sage,
And Master Zhu, a swordsmanship master.
Lishan was a treasure of the age.
Now, only Ye Li has descended from the mountain.
Lishan Academy was not a private school of one family,
But the realm's cultural lifeline.
That academy existed even before our country was founded.
The masters held fast to virtue,
Chose to remain in the mountains,
And endured illness
Until so many great minds were lost.
They were the root of our cultural continuity.
This is a regret for the realm and a fault of the court.
Everything granted today
Is not my personal favor but the court's belated respect.
It's also the realm's long-delayed justice.
It's to honor the faithful, inspire posterity,
And show divine justice.
- Your Majesty is wise. - Your Majesty is wise.
Liu Wenji, a famous guqin master from Qianzhong?
The late emperor even gifted him a Jiaowei antique guqin.
He's well-versed in over 300 musical scores throughout time,
And his ability to identify musical instruments is unparalleled.
Having such a person as a steward at our Shende Shop
Would be a living signboard.
Although his guqin skills are superb, he has no experience in commerce.
Such a lofty person probably cannot handle the day-to-day accounts.
What about this one, Song Qing?
He worked as a shop clerk in Longqu for many years,
And after moving his family to the capital,
He successively worked at Linlang Shop, Jinyu Shop, Pomo Shop, Huamei Shop,
And so on as a steward.
He is most familiar with the jewelry trade.
He is good. He has experience
And knows a lot.
How old is he?
He is 28 years old.
Even if we assume he started doing business at 18,
In just ten years he has moved between several trading firms.
His temperament is fickle.
Shende Shop cannot keep such a person.
This one. He used to be an appraiser at Yongchang Pawnshop.
I heard he has handled countless treasures
And has a keen eye for quality and worth.
His eye is indeed sharp.
But I remember Yongchang Pawnshop went bankrupt more than ten years ago.
I wonder how old this appraiser is now.
If I had known hiring would be so difficult,
We should not have let Wei Zhuang go in the first place.
He now holds an official position, with a bright future ahead.
Who would give up being an official to become a merchant?
You are still ill. Don't worry about these things for now.
Another day, I will ask Gu Zheng to pick some capable candidates for you.
This young master is really good-looking.
Silly Xing.
We are choosing a steward. What use is a good-looking face?
Let me see.
Well, this one actually seems quite decent.
Your Highness, look.
This person is named Tang Zixiao.
He studied under Master Li Yu of Dongshan Academy
And topped the county exams.
Later, he traveled to Jiangnan, Hexi, and beyond to further his studies.
His father runs a business dealing in textiles and herbs.
He's been skilled in both math and business from a young age.
He helped run the family's silk shop and herbal shop.
He has considerable insight into trade.
With such talent, why didn't he pursue an official career?
It is written here.
Three years ago, he encountered bandits looting the villagers.
While fighting with the bandits, he lost two fingers.
Your Highness, as you know,
According to the law,
The physically disabled were barred from the exams and official posts.
Your Highness, Master Tang is capable, kind-hearted,
And so pitiable. Why not hire him?
Yes, Your Highness.
He looks so refined.
His features somewhat resemble His Highness.
Really? Let me see.
Your Highnesses,
The palace sent over golden-scaled, red-tailed Xunyang tribute fish.
Ms. Wen had them cooked and invites you to eat.
Let's go.
Try it quickly. His Majesty specially sent the fish.
He also had Eunuch Gao repeatedly remind us
That this fish was caught by him personally.
It weighs six jin and four liang.
How much?
Six jin and four liang.
Imperial pond catch, I'd say.
Most likely.
It was probably raised by those young eunuchs,
Swimming into nets and biting bait on sight.
If he fished beyond the palace walls,
He would probably sit all day without even a scale on his hook.
Mom, can I eat now?
Go ahead.
Li, has your senior Wei Zhuang taken up his post?
He used to teach Wuyou mathematics.
Now that he has been promoted, we should send some gifts.
It should be within these few days.
When will you go to the Wei residence? I will go with you.
Alright.
I'll tell you once the gifts are ready.
By the way, how did your recruitment go today?
Found anyone good?
I checked a few name cards, and some were not bad.
I haven't decided yet.
The Tang guy won't do.
You mean Tang Zixiao? Why?
He is from Qianchuan, with substantial family assets.
With so many shops waiting for him to manage,
He insists on seeking a job far away from home in the capital.
I fear he harbors mischief and means ill.
That's true.
Anyway, he'll come to the shop to pay his respects in a few days.
We can ask him clearly then.
Li, how does that Master Tang look?
From the portrait,
He looks handsome and not very old.
What a strong whiff of jealousy!
Have some sweet and sour fish.
Sweet and sour fish.
Jin really accepts name cards from just anyone.
This one is 76 years old and probably can't even work an abacus.
This one has a stutter and can't speak smoothly
And still wants to be a steward.
This one is even more impressive, with a theft record.
He was released from Jingzhao prison last twelfth month.
I can't believe Jin.
You seem very idle lately.
Do I?
You never used to care about Shende Shop.
Now you are so idle that you've started helping with the recruitment.
If you're really bored at home, why not go back to Jingzhao Prefecture?
I have submitted my resignation. Why would I go back?
His Majesty has not approved it.
Now, Gu Zheng is still temporarily acting in your position.
I think you should find something to do.
Being idle all the time is not a long-term solution.
Am I idle? I am very busy.
For example?
I read books and teach Wuyou.
I help Ms. Wen manage the household.
I also just ordered a fine purple bamboo stream fishing rod
And told Jin to buy me some green earthworms as bait.
In a few days, after I adjust the float, tie the hook,
And prepare the landing net,
I will head out to the wilds, find a backwater bay, and cast my line.
This is a time-consuming affair.
I won't be back in under a day.
And right now, my top priority is to make sure you go to bed on time,
Take medicine on time,
And see the physician on time.
Once your illness is completely cured, we will talk about other things.
Alright.
What now?
As you said, to sleep.
Your Highness, this bamboo stalk is three-year-old Xiangfei bamboo.
With the goose-feather seven-star float attached,
Whenever a fish bites, no movement will escape your eyes.
And the reel is made of fine bronze,
Wrapped with nine-strand silk thread.
Coupled with the triple-barbed hook,
It's meant for deep-water big fish.
This piece is good. It's brightly colored.
It's also light, thin, and cool to wear.
Then let's go with it.
Where is she going today?
What are you doing?
His Highness asks where Your Highness is going today.
I am going to Longevity Shop.
Uncle Wenshen wants to see me, saying he needs to talk.
Can't you ask him to come to the mansion?
You're still ill, and you...
My illness is nothing serious.
Alright.
I will take a carriage once I go out, and the windows have curtains.
Neither wind nor sun will touch me.
I'll also take my medicine on time and come back soon.
Then let Qingyu take the medicine and brew it at Longevity Shop for you.
Alright.
When will you be back?
After leaving Longevity Shop, I'll stop by Shende Shop on the way.
I'll definitely be back before the hour of You.
Then I will have the imperial physician come at the You hour to check your pulse.
Got it.
(Longevity Shop)
What's going on here?
Ask her, our little princess here.
Why are you glaring at me? Did I say something wrong?
You come to my place every day, and I welcome you.
But you can't just hang around with all sorts of shady characters here.
First you talk about loan sharking, then about mining.
Now, to top it off, you almost tried to traffic government contraband.
Why are you yelling at me?
Whose fault is it that your shop is full of such people?
You... Well...
There are all kinds of people everywhere.
You have such big eyes. Can't you judge people?
Uncle, although Ying is young and inexperienced,
Her desire to do something is good.
Every day when I stay in the mansion, I think of His Highness.
But how was I to know I was so stupid, getting cheated in loan sharking?
How was I to know that copper mines cannot be mined casually?
I also didn't know what was contraband.
I've been using those spices all along.
Forget it.
I will help you get back the loan later.
If you feel bored,
Come to me, and I'll find something for you to do.
Or do you want to be the shop master?
Really?
Yes, my little princess.
Prince Li's household should still have quite a few fields and shops.
Managing those properties well is already not easy.
What's so hard about managing those? It's just collecting rent.
How are the harvests? Is the rent reasonable?
Can the tenants make ends meet?
Is the year good or bad?
And whether the rent needs to be adjusted accordingly?
Don't all these require thought?
I never thought about all that.
If you really want to run things yourself,
Find a suitable shop space and open a shop you like.
After I go back,
I will carefully go through those fields and shops.
Have some tea.
If our family had been like this sooner, how good that would've been.
This is for you.
The newest jewelry set from the East Market.
I pulled some strings and waited for many days to buy it.
I heard you spent those years alone on Lishan Mountain.
Now that you've left there, don't go back anymore.
If you quarrel with Prince Ding and have nowhere to go, just come to me.
Thank you.
You two sisters should have been this close long ago.
It's so good now. From now on, you'll have each other.
We also have you.
Yes, you have me. I will always be here.
Even if the sky falls, I will hold it up for you.
Send the biggest fish to the palace.
Remember to tell Eunuch Gao to make sure His Majesty knows
That this fish weighs a full six jin and six liang.
Understood. What about the rest?
Send them to the kitchen to make fish soup for Li tonight.
Your Highness.
What are you doing?
It's almost the You hour. The physician is coming.
Hasn't my wife returned?
Her Highness isn't coming back.
Where did she go?
She went together with Shende Shop's new steward
To collect fresh porcelain vases from Huoning Kiln.
And Qingyu sent word back
That Her Highness took her medicine.
Steward Tang was thoughtful.
He brewed Her Highness's medicine
And made several delicious side dishes for her.
Steward Tang? Tang Zixiao?
Yes.
Li really hired him?
Yes, he has been working for several days already.
His salary and benefits are the same as Steward Wei's.
Her Highness said he is good-looking,
Eloquent, and sociable
And is the best candidate.
Have you met him?
Does he really look like his portrait?
He is much more handsome than that.
Her Highness praised his looks...
Alright. Go on with your work.
Yes.
(Prince Ding's Mansion)
Xing.
Your Highness, you're back.
His Highness is waiting for you.
Why is he waiting for me?
I don't know. Maybe he missed you.
Where is His Highness?
He is bathing in the hot spring.
(Wen Quan)
Yao, are you in there?
I'm coming in.
Has he already left?
So Your Highness is still here.
I thought you had left.
How was your day today?
Did your new fishing rod display its might on the 'battlefield'?
How many fish did you catch?
Today, I first went to Longevity Shop and met with Ye Ying and Uncle Wenshen.
Then I heard that the kiln had produced some rare pink porcelain,
So I went to take a look.
There were a total of fourteen vases.
The palace took six of them with a wave of a hand.
The remaining ones were instantly snatched up by several madams.
The scene was like a battlefield.
Fortunately, Steward Tang was quick-witted and swift
And managed to grab two for me.
You seem to like him quite a bit.
Who doesn't like smart people?
I placed a vase on your desk.
Take a look later and see where it fits best.
For me?
Yes.
I thought your study was missing an elegant piece like that.
You remembered my study's decoration?
Then do you remember that a physician was coming to check your pulse?
I forgot.
I feel my health is quite good now. I don't need a daily pulse check.
That is not for you to decide.
You must see the imperial physician every day for now
And take your medicine three times a day without fail.
Do you understand?
I understand.
Lord Li.
It's so serious.
Who would be suitable?
Indeed.
Lord Zhao is suitable.
Yes, that's right.
Enough!
After discussing for so long, have you come up with a good plan?
Your Majesty,
Suixue Pass is the northern gateway of our country.
General Xiong defended it for years and was highly skilled.
How could a stable hand kill him?
It's far too suspicious.
I suspect foul play.
Please have an inspector investigate to calm the people's hearts.
Your Majesty, it has been over ten days since General Xiong's sudden death.
Without a commander, the border garrison will be in constant alarm.
I believe we should quickly appoint someone well-versed in warfare
To take the tally and assume the post at once
To take command of Suixue Pass.
This is the most urgent matter.
Your Majesty, Lord Li is right.
The Suixue Pass commander's murder is no trivial matter.
If we merely issue an ordinary edict ordering the deputy to take over,
It may be hard to deter the borderlands.
Sending a general from the capital is indeed the best choice.
Does any of you wish to volunteer?
I make bold to recommend one person for Your Majesty.
Speak up.
I recommend the Jingzhao Prefect, Prince Ding Mo Xiuyao.
How... how could you cheat?
How did I cheat?
You stepped on the line.
You stepped here. The line is here.
- No. - One more time.
- Alright. - Hurry up.
Three, two, one, jump.
That's more like it.
What's wrong, Your Highness? Did you have a bad dream?
No.
Is Your Highness bored?
Shall I call Xing so we can play cards together?
No, let's not.
Then I'll take you out.
Jinpu Society has a Chiyou show today. Do you want to go?
I...
Your Highness.
Your Highnesses.
News came at dawn. Suixue Pass commander Xiong Yisong has been murdered.
The military dispatch says he was stabbed in the chest
And then strangled with a rope and suffocated.
Has the murderer been found?
A stable hand in his mansion has confessed to the crime,
Saying Xiong Yisong was harsh and treated his servants cruelly.
The stable hand held a grudge and killed him.
Xiong Yisong passed the military exams.
He once served under my brother's command.
He was highly skilled. How could a stable hand kill him?
Xiong Yisong had been drinking that day.
This matter is indeed suspicious.
But for now, the truth is not the most urgent matter.
Suixue Pass is the vital gateway to the north of our country,
And it borders Cangbei.
If anything goes wrong...
Your Highness, Suixue Pass needs a capable general to hold it.
And that person is none other than you.
Mom!
Mom! Mom!
What's the matter? You're so flustered.
It's bad. Uncle Xiuyao is going to war.
Tell me what happened quickly.
Today, someone came to see Uncle Xiuyao.
I overheard that the commander of Suixue Pass was killed,
And Uncle Xiuyao is going.
What's wrong? Is it court business?
Have you been taking Imperial Hospital's medicine on time?
Why are you asking again?
You watch me all day. How could I have a chance to skip it?
I can't always keep an eye on you.
Don't worry. I've been taking my medicine properly.
Has your condition improved?
Do you still see Qingshuang and Master Zhu?
Not anymore.
That's good.
What are you doing?
Reading your palm.
You know so much.
We from Lishan Academy know a little about everything.
So what do you see?
Your earth line is very long.
Let's see. You will live to ninety.
That long?
What about you?
I was born under a lucky star, so my life is very long.
Congratulations to you. You can grow old with me.
What else do you see?
You are a very diligent person.
You can see that too?
Look, you haven't practiced martial arts for so many years.
Your calluses are no longer obvious.
But if I feel carefully, I can still feel some.
It shows you were very diligent in training since childhood.
Your finger bones are also slightly bent.
Army weapons are heavy.
You hadn't fully grown yet and trained too early,
Bending your finger bones.
That actually makes some sense.
And this callus here is from writing.
With your noble status, you could've lived a life of comfort and ease
Carefreely and unrestrainedly.
Yet you studied literature and practiced martial arts, persistently striving.
You are truly diligent and studious.
Alright, little flatterer.
You went to the Jinpu Society this afternoon?
You kept talking endlessly,
So I took Qingyu and Xing and went.
Was it fun?
Good thing you didn't go. It was very boring.
I wasn't free during the day.
Let's take a walk tonight.
Follow me.
(Qingfeng Mingyue Tower) It's so late, my lady.
- Let's go back. - Okay.
Meet me at the usual spot.
Why are we hiding here?
A shop clerk told me that Steward Tang is a bit suspicious,
Sneaking out every night and not returning until midnight.
You had someone watch him?
I thought you admired him.
One must always be wary of others.
Besides, I didn't have anyone watch him.
It was the shop clerk who noticed and told me.
Here he comes.
Let's go.
This way.
That's Tang Zixiao?
Let's just go back.
If you don't trust him, just dismiss him.
I can't do that.
I can't just dismiss him without knowing the facts.
Yet you are following him without knowing the facts.
I'm afraid he might be deceived by a rival of Shende Shop.
Shende Shop has rivals?
Our business is doing very well now.
Even Zhenbao Shop can't compare.
Now in the capital, anyone in the antique and calligraphy business
Sees us as a thorn in their side.
Indeed, competitors are rivals.
Someone's coming.
Stop looking.
- Let me take a look. - Li.
- One more look. - Let's go home.
- Keep your voice down. - Be good.
- Just... - Let's go.
One more look.
What's there to look at?
Who's there?
Head down.
My lady, there are people over there.
There are people there.
Perhaps they're just passersby.
Why don't we go somewhere else?
They're gone.
I was so scared.
So scared?
It'd be bad if he caught me following him.
But you are following him.
Yes.
Yao,
Are you feeling a bit happier now?
That's good.
Was it just to make me a bit happier?
I also wanted to tell you
That no matter what decision you make, I will support you.
(It's bad. Uncle Xiuyao is going to war.)
(Commander of Suixue Pass was killed, and Uncle Xiuyao is going.)
Xi! Xi!
Madam?
Quickly, go fetch Nanny Xu.
Yes.
Li, come on and sit.
This is Nanny Xu. You've met her before.
She is an old servant of this household.
I see that you have too few servants in your courtyard,
And Qingyu and Xing are young.
From now on, let her take care of your and Yao's daily needs, alright?
Isn't Nanny Xu your personal nanny?
If she comes to serve me, what about you?
I don't lack people to take care of me.
But you...
You've been married for almost a year now.
You and Yao are in your prime. Aren't you anxious?
Don't worry. Nanny Xu knows the ways of it.
She will stay by your side and help you.
Where did Her Highness buy these boxes of rouge?
I don't remember.
Were they from Qiuyan Hall?
Probably.
When Qiuyan Hall makes rouge,
They add trifoliate orange shells to make it last longer.
Long-term use is bad for the body.
Especially for Her Highness now, it is even more unsuitable.
I'll discard these few boxes on the table.
Remember, don't take Her Highness to buy things from them again.
This spice can't be used either.
Also, the plants in the courtyard must be sorted through too.
Do all those need to be thrown away?
Yes, Your Highness.
Then what will I use?
Your Highness,
I also know a little about blending rouge and spices.
I will prepare some gentle ones and bring them to you later.
Moreover, you're naturally beautiful.
Even without makeup, you are beautiful.
You should not eat too many of these plums either.
I will bring you something else.
I take my leave.
All of you, come here.
Plums are cold in nature.
No more than three can be eaten daily,
Or they'll upset the stomach and harm digestion.
Have you not learned these principles,
Or have you learned them but forgotten?
Be careful and remember them from now on.
Do you hear clearly?
- Yes. - Yes.
Although Her Highness is young, she still needs careful nursing.
Her foundation mustn't be harmed due to cravings for food.
I have prepared a few nourishing recipes here.
From now on, all meals must strictly follow the rules.
There must be no negligence whatsoever.
Yes.
Come over and study these.
- Your Highness. - Your Highness.
Quickly, you few, move these pots of flowers away.
Hurry up.
Your Highness, allow us to do this.
Please use a warmer to warm your hands.
How can you do this?
My flowers...
Ms. Wen.
Yao, why did you come back so late?
What is it, Ms. Wen?
You've been too tired lately. I made you a bowl of calming soup.
Thank you, Ms. Wen.
Don't forget to eat it.
I simmered it for many hours.
Alright.
Your Highness, your bed is made.
It's fine to throw away those rouges,
But the bedding was perfectly good.
What exactly is Nanny Xu trying to do?
Has His Highness returned?
Yes.
Yao, are you in there?
I'm here.
Why is the door locked?
(Preview)
After Feng Zhiyao left the capital, there's been no word from him.
I'm a bit worried.
I'll kill you!
This is for Lingyun.
Mingyue!
Mo Xiuwen was framed by Marquis Muyang.
But who is behind Marquis Muyang?
The time has come. It's time to risk everything.
♪Memories hold you back from fulfilling your dreams♪
♪Only by moving forward can you find reunion♪
♪Endings only mark new routes♪
♪It's all part of the scenery♪
♪To the horizon's call♪
♪Your journey hasn't started♪
♪Towards mountains, chase the stars bright♪
♪Both joy and grief make the trip worthwhile♪
♪Trying to catch up to your own lost shadow♪
♪Within the wilds, echoes thrive♪
♪Clear mind leads to a clear path♪
♪Be grateful to your losses♪
♪Make your steps weightless♪
♪Towards mountains, chase the stars bright♪
♪Let time embrace you and wash away the past♪
♪Put every twist behind you, drift leisurely through time♪
♪Make headway against the wind, let mountains bow to your pace♪
♪Rush towards a life without regret♪
♪Let your nature burst free♪
♪Unbound by form♪